First attempt at an intro. Modified Vipps intro to fit MPO. (#172)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/mobile-pay/index.md

{% include alert-development-section.md %}

{% include jumbotron.html body="  Enter your phone number,
get the push message, press the pay button... and you're done!  " %}

> Mobile Pay is the main Danish payment app for mobile phones, making it one of

Reviewer: Is it `MobilePay` or `Mobile Pay`? From [mobilepay.dk](https://mobilepay.dk/) it looks like the former is correct.

```suggestion
MobilePay is the main Danish payment app for mobile phones, making it one of
```

the essential payment instruments for merchants operating in Denmark. We offer
it on our redirect and seamless view platforms.

## Purchase flow

> After the payment is created, the consumer is redirected to Mobile Pay's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the payment is created, the consumer is redirected to MobilePay's
```

own payment page where the phone number is entered, and a push message is sent
to the phone.

> ![screenshot of the Mobile Pay number input page][mobilepay-number-input]{:height="600px" width="425px"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![screenshot of the MobilePay number input page][mobilepay-number-input]{:height="600px" width="425px"}
```

A countdown is shown in the browser and the payment request will appear in the
app, waiting to be confirmed by the consumer. If you are using the redirect
option, the consumer will be redirected back to the merchant's site.

## Good To Know

### Payment Type

> Mobile Pay is one of the instruments using two-phase payments. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MobilePay is one of the instruments using two-phase payments. The
```

`authorization` is done when the consumer successfully confirms in the app, and
the `abort`, `cancel`, `capture` or `reversal` is done by the merchant at a

> later time. Read more about the [different operations][after-payment] and the

Reviewer: Perhaps the `different operations` link should go directly to the `#operations` header and not just to the top of the `after payment` page?
